Docs about how to use private registry. (#135)
kubewarden/docs: docs/operator-manual/policy-servers/02-private-registry.md

---
sidebar_label: "Using private registry"
title: ""
---

# Configuring Policy Servers to use private registry

It is possible to specify and configure the credentials used to authenticate

> into a private registry where your policies are stored.

Reviewer: This sentence is a little ambiguous. We need to be more explicit about what/who we are authenticating.

Author: I've rewrote the paragraph. Can you review again, please?

> Before configure your Policy Server instance, you need to store the credentials

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before configuring your Policy Server instance, you need to store the credentials
```

used to access the registry in a `docker-registry` secret. The secret should be
created in the same namespace where you run your Policy Server. This can be done
with the following command:

```shell
kubectl --namespace kubewarden create secret docker-registry secret-ghcr-docker \
  --docker-username=myuser \
  --docker-password=mypass123 \
  --docker-server=myregistry.io
```

If you want more information about how to create the secret. Please, go to the
[Kubernetes documentation](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/secret/#docker-config-secrets).

Once you have the secret created, it is necessary to configure the Policy Server

> instance setting the `imagePullSecret` field with the name of the secret created with the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
instance by setting the `imagePullSecret` field with the name of the secret created with the
```

---
sidebar_label: "Using private registry"
title: ""
---

# Configuring Policy Servers to use private registry

It is not uncommon that enterprises using cloud native environments have their
own container registries to store their container images and other artefacts
used to run their applications. As these artefacts are, most of the time, private
it does not make sense to let their be public available in the web or even for

> some parts of the same organization. In this scenarios is common the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
other teams within the same organization. In these scenarios, it is common to
```

> use of private registries requiring authentication to access the resources stored

Reviewer: ```suggestion
use private registries that require authentication to access the resources stored
```

> on them. In that in mind, it possible to specify and configure the credentials

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In them. With this in mind, we have made it possible to specify and configure the credentials
```

> used to authenticate into a private registry where your policies are stored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
used to authenticate into a private registry where your policies are stored and
```

> Allowing Kubewarden Policy Server to download policies from public and private

Reviewer: ```suggestion
allowing Kubewarden Policy Server to download policies from public and private
```
